Okta-465515 Update ngrok guide with feedback (#3111)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/event-hook-ngrok/main/index.md

---

## Overview

> Event Hooks are outbound calls from Okta that can notify your own software systems of events occurring in your Okta org. The ngrok utility exposes local applications to the internet and receives and responds to Event Hook calls. This setup enables the development and testing of Event Hooks locally, rather than using an external test or production environment. The ngrok utility also provides replay functionality that assists in testing and developing your external service code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Event Hooks are outbound calls from Okta that can notify your software systems of events that occurred in your Okta org. The ngrok utility exposes local applications to the internet and receives and responds to Event Hook calls. This setup enables the development and testing of Event Hooks locally, rather than using an external test or production environment. The ngrok utility also provides a replay function to assist you in testing and developing your external service code.
```

To use this guide:

* Create a local application or use an existing application.
* Run the ngrok utility with your local application.
* Create an Event Hook.
* Preview and test the Event Hook.

> 

Reviewer: I'm not sure if it's the convention to use bullets? If these steps need to be executed in order, perhaps an ordered list  is better suited?

Author: It's the way I presented it in the guide, but in theory you could create a hook first. Anyway, I added numbering. I didn't want to add links to the sections; I thought it'd be overkill,  but I still like the idea of laying out the high-level tasks at the start. Thanks.

or

* After making sure that your  ngrok session and local application are ready for the external verification call, go to the Event Hooks table, click the **Actions** dropdown menu of your **UNVERIFIED** Event Hook, and select **Verify**.

The Event Hook is now set up with a status of **VERIFIED** and is ready to send Event Hook calls to your external service.

>**Note:** A successful Event Hook verification also indicates your local application is working with the ngrok session! Review the ngrok terminal or inspector interface for details on the first `GET` call to your local application.

## Test, preview, and review the Event Hook

> With your local application now exposed externally through an ngrok session, you can test and preview Okta Event Hook calls, as well as review details of the calls using the ngrok inspection interface. The Okta org is also set up to call your local application when an event is triggered. In this example, the event triggers when a user is added to your Okta org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With your local application now exposed externally through an ngrok session, you can test and preview Okta Event Hook calls, as well as review details of the calls using the ngrok inspection interface. The Okta org is also set up to call your local application when an event is triggered. In this example, the event is triggered when a user is added to your Okta org.
```

### Test the Event Hook

To run a test of your Event Hook:

1. Ensure that both your ngrok session and local sample application are running.
1. In your Okta org, sign in as an administrator and create a test user in the Admin Console.

>     * Go to **Directory** > **People**, and click **Add Person**. As an example, add the user Jane Doe with the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Go to **Directory** > **People**, and click **Add Person**. As an example, add the user John Doe with the following fields:
```

Reviewer: The example has "John" instead of "Jane"?

Author: Thanks, good catch.

        * **First Name:** John
        * **Last Name:** Doe
        * **User Name:** john.doe@example.com

> 1. Navigate back to your local application's console. The following message appears if successful:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate back to your local application's console. If the Event Hook was successful, the following message appears:
```

    `The user john.doe@example.com has been added to the Okta org!`

> 1. Check your ngrok inspection interface (`http://localhost:4040`). Each call recorded by ngrok appears in the interface from which you can review the complete call response body, header, and other details. Clicking **Replay** on the ngrok inspection interface replays the event hook call to assist in development. See [Replay the Event Hook](#replay-the-event-hook).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check your ngrok inspection interface (`http://localhost:4040`). Each call recorded by ngrok appears in the interface, from which you can review the complete call response body, header, and other details. Clicking **Replay** on the ngrok inspection interface replays the event hook call to assist in development. See [Replay the Event Hook](#replay-the-event-hook).
```

    ![A screen shot of the ngrok inspection interface that includes details of a call.](/img/ngrok-and-event-hooks-web-interface-small.png)

### Preview the Event Hook

To run a preview call of your Event Hook:

1. In the Admin Console, go to **Workflow** > **Event Hooks**.
1. Locate the Event Hook you created during the set-up step. In this example, select `New User Event Hook` or the name you gave the Event Hook.
1. Click the **Actions** menu for this hook, and select **Preview**.
1. In the **Configure Event Hook request** section, select an event from the **Event Type** dropdown menu. In this example, there is only one: `User Created (user.lifecycle.create)`.
1. The most recent event (in this case, user John Doe created previously) populates the **Preview & Deliver Event Hook** section with the JSON body of the Event Hook. You can also select an older event from the **System Log Event** dropdown menu. If no event is available, the JSON body populates with sample data.

    > **Note:**
    >
    > * The preview Event Hook JSON body can be modified for testing or development purposes. Click **Edit** to update the `"target"` field, for example.

>     > * If you are using the preview sample data, you must edit the preview to add a `target` value, including an email using the `alternateId` property. For example, `"target": [{ "alternateId": "john.doe@example.com"}]`. Otherwise, the sample application code throws an error if the value in `target` property is `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > * If you are using the preview sample data, you must edit the preview to add a `target` value. Include an email address for the `alternateId` property. For example, `"target": [{ "alternateId": "john.doe@example.com"}]`. Otherwise, the sample application code throws an error if the value in the `target` property is `null`.
```

1. Ensure that both your ngrok session and local sample application are running.

    > **Note:** If you start a new ngrok session at any time, make sure to update the Event Hook URL.

1. Click **Deliver Request**. The Event Hook Preview displays the status request as either successful or a failure. Check your local application console. The following message appears if successful:

     `The user john.doe@example.com has been added to the Okta org!`

> 1. Check your ngrok inspection interface (`http://localhost:4040`). Each call recorded by ngrok appears in the interface from which you can review the response body, header, and other details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check your ngrok inspection interface (`http://localhost:4040`). Each call recorded by ngrok appears in the interface, from which you can review the response body, header, and other details.
```

    ![A screen shot of the ngrok inspection interface that includes details of a call.](/img/ngrok-and-event-hooks-web-interface-small.png)

### Replay the Event Hook

> The ngrok inspection interface provides a replay functionality that you can use to test your code without reproducing test conditions in Okta. To use the replay:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ngrok inspection interface provides a replay function that you can use to test your code without reproducing test conditions in Okta. To replay your test:
```

> 1. In ngrok’s inspection interface (http://localhost:4040), select an event hook from Okta.

Reviewer: Not sure if "event hook" should be capitalize here?

Author: Yes, thanks.

1. Click **Replay** > **Replay with modifications:**

> 1. Optionally, modify the request body with a different content. For example, `"target": [{ "alternateId": "jane.doe@example.com"}]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optionally, modify the request body with a different content. For example: `"target": [{ "alternateId": "jane.doe@example.com"}]`
```

Author: no period here?
